Added a section for JSON-encoded results (#1636)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/webview2/get-started/winui2.md

ms.technology: webview
keywords: WebView2, webview2, WebView, webview, winui apps, winui, edge, CoreWebView2, browser control, edge html, get started, Get Started, .NET
---

> # Get started with WebView2 in WinUI 2 (UWP) apps (public preview)

Reviewer: Also change the "title:" field in the YAML block at top of file to match.

Reviewer 2: done

> In this article, you start creating your first WebView2 app in WinUI 2 (UWP), and learn about the main features of WebView2. For more information about individual WebView2 APIs, see to [Microsoft Edge WebView2 API Reference](../webview2-api-reference.md) and then select the WinRT reference links. Note that WinUI2 only supports UWP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this article, you start creating your first WebView2 app in WinUI 2 (UWP), and learn about the main features of WebView2. For more information about individual WebView2 APIs, see [Microsoft Edge WebView2 API Reference](../webview2-api-reference.md) and then select the WinRT reference links. Note that WinUI2 only supports UWP.
```

Reviewer 2: done

> In this article, you will get started creating your first WebView2 app in WinUI 2, and learn about the main features of WebView2. For more information about individual WebView2 APIs, navigate to [Microsoft Edge WebView2 API Reference](../webview2-api-reference.md) and then select the WinRT reference links. Please note that WinUI2 only supports UWP.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this article, you start creating your first WebView2 app in WinUI 2 (UWP), and learn about the main features of WebView2. For more information about individual WebView2 APIs, see to [Microsoft Edge WebView2 API Reference](../webview2-api-reference.md) and then select the WinRT reference links. Note that WinUI2 only supports UWP.
```
